hey everyone I'm back in show you use
something else yeah it's pretty sweet
well there's my old stock I got a brand
new grill for my truck go for Chevy um I
didn't like the stock because we can I
hate this bar in the middle the whole
thing right there I don't like that I
like it it's cool whatever but I don't
like it some people but I went to and
all took up that bar it's funny I got
off even so but it's just I guess it's a
two-piece thing it's not a one piece
because get put these on right here
these come on separate but there's
something coming now they come with that
then it's go at the clip in and then
this is just the grill it's all like
Posse filling it's not metal but it
looks freaking sweet it makes it look
really different and bad that yeah it
looks I mean I like the whole clean look
but I don't know I like it though but
then I took off the bow tie this one's
great because I wanted to get your your
fill on it if I should put that bow tie
on the back hurt on to this grill oh I
like it or not but basically just put
like right there I can get stick okay
see oh yeah that's what it look like I
don't know if I like that or not it
looks cool but then I think I'm like no
but it's just basically how long by
these little bolts that comes with nuts
and stuff and that's what hold onto
also it was also chrome - so it was all
like from like this all this whole thing
was chrome so when I got I was like I
don't want that what the whole like cool
thing and keep used chrome but I painted
a Plasti Dip so and it worked out really
well good well that's positive it's it's
nice it's cool
oh yeah painted that whole thing black
because it matches is also really in the
video earlier video I made this you can
see right there
I made a stripe let's go up there and it
comes down to here and then it goes into
this and they're like splits I didn't
mean to do that I just kind of happen in
coincident in my favorite a few like the
comment on the video porn would have
like it or not her subscribe thanks for
watching bye